<h1>ElectroGrid Management Company</h1>

<p>ElectroGrid (EG), the leading power grid management company, is confronted with scalability issues as its stakeholder base expands. The current system, designed for monitoring power consumption, generating monthly bills, and facilitating online payments, is proving inadequate. The primary objective of the project is to develop a highly scalable online platform that empowers EG to efficiently manage the growing number of users and stakeholders, ensuring seamless delivery of essential services such as real-time consumption monitoring, bill generation, and online payment processing.
The sections are as follows :
<ol>
<li>Power-cut Schedule Management</li>
<li>Monthly Units Management</li>
<li>User Management</li>
<li>Private Sector Management</li>
<li>Bill Generation Management</li>
</ol>

Technical Requirements :
<ul>
<li>Backend Development -  JAX-RS, Jersey, Java via Eclipse IDE in a Windows operating system</li>
<li>Database            -    XAMPP server </li>
</ul>
</p>

<h3>1 . Power-cut Schedule Management:</h3>
Due to recent routine power outages, EG has decided to post all power outage timetables on its website. Customers might select their region and learn when the power outage will occur on that given day.

<h3>2 . Monthly Units Management:</h3>
This service is used to store all the users' monthly unit details in a single database. We primarily focus on inserting, removing, updating, and examining all of their user account's unit details. The users' monthly electricity bills are generated using these records

<h3>3 . User Management:</h3>
This system will be used to manage all the details of System’s user information. The user can enter all the information about the users. They can also change and delete the user profile as needed. In addition, the system can display all of the users' profile details that have been entered. The data of a user's profile can be viewed by registered users. Similarly, non-registered users can create a new user profile by entering their information. Finally, users can exit the system by using the logout button.

<h3>4 . Private Sector Management:</h3>
Private Sector management mainly focuses primarily in the collection of electricity from household and small companies. In here the electricity generated by households and small companies are sold to the electricity board. And this electricity buys by electricity board. After registering or logging into the system, seller can sale electricity to Electricity board by adding Number of units and fee of per unit. Then after the system check the unit range and calculate the total amount and create a report which including details.

<h3>5 . Bill Generati:on Management:</h3>
Electrogrid can calculate and generate monthly bills of users with the help of Restful API called CategoryAPI. This API will work with JSON technology.




